How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    It allowed for a side-by-side comparison which made it easier to compare the
    two versions and find the difference(s) between them.


How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    If there was ever a need to go back and figure out which version of a program
    a bug originated in or to go back and test something in a previous version, 
    version control systems would allow for that. It would make reverting back to 
    old versions much easier than having to constantly save backups.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    With Git, you are in complete control of creating commits whereas Google docs 
    automatically does that for you.  The benefit of using Google Docs is that
    you never have to remember to create commits.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Git was desinged mainly for programmers and, in general, programmers work with
    projects that include multiple program files.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    The git log command allows you to see the entire commit history of a git project
    and git diff allows you to see the changes made between commits.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    Because if a change does break something, it would be easy to revert back to 
    a previous version. Also, the diff tool would make it easy to detect where the
    error-causing lines of code are.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    Mainly for programming and software development, but I would be interested 
    in trying to use Git in game development.



    

    