When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work
local?

   You would want to create a remote repository because it allows other GitHub 
   users to make changes to your repository.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

    Just like with committing changes, you can pull changes whenever you 
    want rather that having the process done automatically at an undesired
    time.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches.  When would you
use one instead of another?

    Clones copy a repository from GitHub or from a different location on your
    local computer. Forks allow for making changes to another GitHub user's
    repository without having to ask for the other user's permission. Branches
    are created on the local computer and allow for branching paths in a local
    repository. 

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote
stored locally?

    Having the last know state of the remote stored locally is useful in 
    dealing with merge conflicts because it allows you to revert back to 
    it as a reference.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub?  What would be easier,
and what would be harder?

    A Groupme group would be useful for collaboration because it's available
    on any smartphone and allows for faster response times.  The only difficulty
    with it would be the lack of centralization with communication.
    
When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in
master?  What benefits does each approach have?

    You would want to make changes in a separate branch so that you can make 
    experimental changes and not have them affect the master branch. Working
    in a separate branch allows for more freedom of experimentation, but having
    too many branches can get confusing.  Working in the master branch is clean 
    and centralized, but does not allow for much freedom of experimentation.
